as a leader, you tend toe, want to move more often. And that's because
the the job opportunities become fewer and fewer if you wanna be specific
about what you were trying to do. So, for instance, um, I could
be a chief wherever I could go to San Diego, Aiken, Goto, Los Angeles.
I could go toe Norfolk, and they're all going to need chiefs.
However, if I wanna be, say, a command master chief, then there might
not be a role like that, except for a few states. So I have to be
very selective in which state I choose. Um, so obviously third class
petty officer, you have your watch stations that you're qualified for.
You have all the training that you've done, and you have a wide
range of places that you can go. Um it also depends on the needs of
the Navy, but for the most part, you have more choices. But as you grow
up as you grow in your leadership responsibilities, they become
more and more singular. Until, um, there could be a master chief out
there. There could be one job in the whole world that's suitable for
him. So, um, just think about the pyramid